# cci-tools

See command help messages for more info on flags required for each command.

## Add Opensearch Location

The add opensearch location script enables adding the `kerchunk_location` attribute to all files for a given kerchunk/zarr product. This script requires the path to a filelist, cloud format (kerchunk/zarr) and location of the remote file.

## Shell

`stac_shell`

Open a shell with the client and auth objects loaded for quick access to the STAC API

## Build CCI Collections

Builds all CCI STAC collections using the ODP Config file generated by Ambient as a template. This will update the existing STAC records with any changes from opensearch, but will not reset added links or items to the live STAC index. Be aware that any changes made to collections may not be respected, where they are overridden by opensearch.

## Delete Collections

`delete_collections`

Delete collections, items or nested collections from the STAC index, including removing links in the parent collection if provided. This means the STAC index is not cluttered with non-existent collections where a parent collection doesn't know a child collection has been deleted.

## Update Collection

`update_collection`

Upload/replace a collection in the STAC index from a local file. This includes merging the sets of `links` so as not to break parent-child relations:
- Determine where the new collection fits into the existing STAC collection set (i.e what is the parent? Project or Moles-level).
- Create a copy of the correct template (for your level i.e Project/Moles/DRS) and fill in required values.
- Run `update_collection <path/to/collection_file.json> <parent_collection_name>`.
- Note: If creating a new Project-level collection, the parent is `cci`.

## Create Items

`create_items`

Create CCI STAC items, requires a CCI directory relating to a set of Opensearch files. Additional parameters can be applied (see help)

## Post Items

`post_items`

Post created items to the STAC API. Requires the directory of saved STAC records.

# OpenEO Datasets - Process for creating a dataset.

OpenEO datasets are created using command `create_openeo`. This only requires an `endpoint` to be given, which can be the path to a kerchunk file or zarr store.

Additional parameters that should be given:
- `--did`: Dataset ID if not just the name of the kerchunk file.
- `--uuid`: Moles UUID for this dataset.
- `--ecv`: ECV/Project to add to the STAC metadata.
- `-d`: Dryrun: Will output STAC collection/item to the local filesystem.

Note: This creates a collection container AND a STAC item, so the Kerchunk file/zarr store is an asset of an item which forms part of the OpenEO collection (with 1 item)